Fix scala.js deprecation warnings (#222)
kaitai-io/kaitai_struct_compiler: js/README.md

## Plugging in

> > :information_source: Before the version 0.11.0 the `kaitai-struct-compiler` module returned a _compiler constructor_ (called `KaitaiStructCompiler`) and you used it as `new KaitaiStructCompiler()`, but since 0.11.0 release this is the _compiler object_ itself and using `new` is not required anymore

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> :information_source: Before the version 0.10.0 the `kaitai-struct-compiler` module returned a _compiler constructor_ (called `KaitaiStructCompiler`) and you used it as `new KaitaiStructCompiler()`, but since 0.10.0 release this is the _compiler object_ itself and using `new` is not required anymore
```

> > :information_source: Before the version 0.10.0 the `kaitai-struct-compiler` module returned a _compiler constructor_ (called `KaitaiStructCompiler`) and you used it as `new KaitaiStructCompiler()`, but since 0.10.0 release this is the _compiler object_ itself and using `new` is not required anymore (see [#222](https://github.com/kaitai-io/kaitai_struct_compiler/pull/222)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> :information_source: Before the version 0.10.0 the `kaitai-struct-compiler` module returned a _compiler constructor_ (called `KaitaiStructCompiler`) and you would use it as `(new KaitaiStructCompiler()).compile(...)`, but since 0.10.0 release it returns the _compiler object_ itself and you just need to do `KaitaiStructCompiler.compile(...)`. Make sure to adapt your code.
```
